Melania and I are hosting Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe and Mrs. Abe at Mar-a-Lago in Palm Beach, Fla. They are a wonderful couple!

...design or negotiations yet. When I do, just like with the F-35 FighterJet or the Air Force One Program, price will come WAY DOWN!

I am reading that the great border WALL will cost more than the government originally thought, but I have not gotten involved in the.....

Our legal system is broken! "77% of refugees allowed into U.S. since travel reprieve hail from seven suspect countries." (WT) SO DANGEROUS!

Heading to Joint Base Andrews on #MarineOne with Prime Minister Shinzō earlier today. pic.twitter.com/4JFhyYdeHO

The failing @nytimes does major FAKE NEWS China story saying "Mr.Xi has not spoken to Mr. Trump since Nov.14." We spoke at length yesterday!

LAWFARE: "Remarkably, in the entire opinion, the panel did not bother even to cite this (the) statute." A disgraceful decision!

SEE YOU IN COURT, THE SECURITY OF OUR NATION IS AT STAKE!

Join us live in the Oval Office for the swearing in of our new Attorney General, @SenatorSessions ! LIVE: http:// bit.ly/2kqq2f0Sessions pic.twitter.com/0PEcB2B4Pf

..Ryan died on a winning mission ( according to General Mattis), not a "failure." Time for the U.S. to get smart and start winning again!

...long he doesn't know how to win anymore, just look at the mess our country is in - bogged down in conflict all over the place. Our hero..

Sen. McCain should not be talking about the success or failure of a mission to the media. Only emboldens the enemy! He's been losing so....

Chris Cuomo, in his interview with Sen. Blumenthal, never asked him about his long-term lie about his brave "service" in Vietnam. FAKE NEWS!

Sen.Richard Blumenthal, who never fought in Vietnam when he said for years he had (major lie),now misrepresents what Judge Gorsuch told him?

Congratulations to our new Attorney General, @SenatorSessions ! pic.twitter.com/e0buP1K83z

'Trump administration seen as more truthful than news media' http:// bit.ly/2k4b0imEmerson Poll …

'Majority in Leading EU Nations Support Trump-Style Travel Ban' Poll of more than 10,000 people in 10 countries... http:// bit.ly/2k4fvqgEUPoll

'Immigration Ban Is One Of Trump's Most Popular Orders So Far' pic.twitter.com/wAelwuQ4BE

Thank you Brian Krzanich, CEO of @Intel . A great investment ($7 BILLION) in American INNOVATION and JOBS! #AmericaFirst pic.twitter.com/76lAiSSQ1l

Big increase in traffic into our country from certain areas, while our people are far more vulnerable, as we wait for what should be EASY D!

'16 Fake News Stories Reporters Have Run Since Trump Won' http:// thefederalist.com/2017/02/06/16- fake-news-stories-reporters-have-run-since-trump-won/ …

My daughter Ivanka has been treated so unfairly by @Nordstrom . She is a great person -- always pushing me to do the right thing! Terrible!

Thank you to our great Police Chiefs & Sheriffs for your leadership & service. You have a true friend in the @WhiteHouse . We support you! pic.twitter.com/niwuK5rgXR

I will be speaking at 9:00 A.M. today to Police Chiefs and Sheriffs and will be discussing the horrible, dangerous and wrong decision.......

If the U.S. does not win this case as it so obviously should, we can never have the security and safety to which we are entitled. Politics!

It is a disgrace that my full Cabinet is still not in place, the longest such delay in the history of our country. Obstruction by Democrats!

An honor having the National Sheriffs' Assoc. join me at the @WhiteHouse . Incredible men & women who protect & serve 24/7/365. THANK YOU!! pic.twitter.com/9EMTnH0OrF

I don't know Putin, have no deals in Russia, and the haters are going crazy - yet Obama can make a deal with Iran, #1 in terror, no problem!

The threat from radical Islamic terrorism is very real, just look at what is happening in Europe and the Middle-East. Courts must act fast!

The failing @nytimes was forced to apologize to its subscribers for the poor reporting it did on my election win. Now they are worse!

An extended interview from the Super Bowl with @oreillyfactor airs tonight at 8:00 P.M. Enjoy! pic.twitter.com/kZdHqaNTVR

The failing @nytimes writes total fiction concerning me. They have gotten it wrong for two years, and now are making up stories & sources!

I call my own shots, largely based on an accumulation of data, and everyone knows it. Some FAKE NEWS media, in order to marginalize, lies!

Any negative polls are fake news, just like the CNN, ABC, NBC polls in the election. Sorry, people want border security and extreme vetting.

What an amazing comeback and win by the Patriots. Tom Brady, Bob Kraft and Coach B are total winners. Wow!

Enjoy the #SuperBowl and then we continue: MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!

I have instructed Homeland Security to check people coming into our country VERY CAREFULLY. The courts are making the job very difficult!

Just cannot believe a judge would put our country in such peril. If something happens blame him and court system. People pouring in. Bad!

The judge opens up our country to potential terrorists and others that do not have our best interests at heart. Bad people are very happy!

Interview with @oreillyfactor on Fox Network - 4:00 P.M. (prior to Super Bowl). Enjoy!

Why aren't the lawyers looking at and using the Federal Court decision in Boston, which is at conflict with ridiculous lift ban decision?

Because the ban was lifted by a judge, many very bad and dangerous people may be pouring into our country. A terrible decision

What is our country coming to when a judge can halt a Homeland Security travel ban and anyone, even with bad intentions, can come into U.S.?

MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!

After being forced to apologize for its bad and inaccurate coverage of me after winning the election, the FAKE NEWS @nytimes is still lost!

The opinion of this so-called judge, which essentially takes law-enforcement away from our country, is ridiculous and will be overturned!

Interesting that certain Middle-Eastern countries agree with the ban. They know if certain people are allowed in it's death & destruction!

When a country is no longer able to say who can, and who cannot , come in & out, especially for reasons of safety &.security - big trouble!

Countries charge U.S. companies taxes or tariffs while the U.S. charges them nothing or little.We should charge them SAME as they charge us!

We must keep "evil" out of our country!

A new radical Islamic terrorist has just attacked in Louvre Museum in Paris. Tourists were locked down. France on edge again. GET SMART U.S.

Professional anarchists, thugs and paid protesters are proving the point of the millions of people who voted to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!

Meeting with biggest business leaders this morning. Good jobs are coming back to U.S., health care and tax bills are being crafted NOW!

Thank you to Prime Minister of Australia for telling the truth about our very civil conversation that FAKE NEWS media lied about. Very nice!

Iran is playing with fire - they don't appreciate how "kind" President Obama was to them. Not me!

Yes, Arnold Schwarzenegger did a really bad job as Governor of California and even worse on the Apprentice...but at least he tried hard!

Thank you, @Samsung ! We would love to have you! https://www. axios.com/trump-effect-s amsung-may-build-u-s-factory-2233101986.html …

Iran was on its last legs and ready to collapse until the U.S. came along and gave it a life-line in the form of the Iran Deal: $150 billion

Iran has been formally PUT ON NOTICE for firing a ballistic missile.Should have been thankful for the terrible deal the U.S. made with them!

Attending Chief Ryan Owens' Dignified Transfer yesterday with my daughter Ivanka was my great honor. To a great and brave man - thank you!

Congratulations to Rex Tillerson on being sworn in as our new Secretary of State. He will be a star!

If U.C. Berkeley does not allow free speech and practices violence on innocent people with a different point of view - NO FEDERAL FUNDS?

Do you believe it? The Obama Administration agreed to take thousands of illegal immigrants from Australia. Why? I will study this dumb deal!

Iran is rapidly taking over more and more of Iraq even after the U.S. has squandered three trillion dollars there. Obvious long ago!

Everybody is arguing whether or not it is a BAN. Call it what you want, it is about keeping bad people (with bad intentions) out of country!

Hope you like my nomination of Judge Neil Gorsuch for the United States Supreme Court. He is a good and brilliant man, respected by all.

Join me live from the @WhiteHouse . https://www. facebook.com/POTUS/videos/1 240366106032827/ …

Getting ready to deliver a VERY IMPORTANT DECISION! 8:00 P.M.

When will the Democrats give us our Attorney General and rest of Cabinet! They should be ashamed of themselves! No wonder D.C. doesn't work!

Nancy Pelosi and Fake Tears Chuck Schumer held a rally at the steps of The Supreme Court and mic did not work (a mess)-just like Dem party!

The Democrats are delaying my cabinet picks for purely political reasons. They have nothing going but to obstruct. Now have an Obama A.G.

The American dream is back. We’re going to create an environment for small business like we haven’t had in many, many decades! pic.twitter.com/ZuJNaN6z8b

Where was all the outrage from Democrats and the opposition party (the media) when our jobs were fleeing our country?

I have made my decision on who I will nominate for The United States Supreme Court. It will be announced live on Tuesday at 8:00 P.M. (W.H.)

If the ban were announced with a one week notice, the "bad" would rush into our country during that week. A lot of bad "dudes" out there!

There is nothing nice about searching for terrorists before they can enter our country. This was a big part of my campaign. Study the world!

protesters and the tears of Senator Schumer. Secretary Kelly said that all is going well with very few problems. MAKE AMERICA SAFE AGAIN!

Only 109 people out of 325,000 were detained and held for questioning. Big problems at airports were caused by Delta computer outage,.....

I will be interviewed by @TheBrodyFile on @CBNNews tonight at 11pm. Enjoy!

Statement Regarding Recent Executive Order Concerning Extreme Vetting: https://www. facebook.com/DonaldTrump/po sts/10158567643610725 …

...Senators should focus their energies on ISIS, illegal immigration and border security instead of always looking to start World War III.

The joint statement of former presidential candidates John McCain & Lindsey Graham is wrong - they are sadly weak on immigration. The two...

Christians in the Middle-East have been executed in large numbers. We cannot allow this horror to continue!

Our country needs strong borders and extreme vetting, NOW. Look what is happening all over Europe and, indeed, the world - a horrible mess!

Somebody with aptitude and conviction should buy the FAKE NEWS and failing @nytimes and either run it correctly or let it fold with dignity!

Today, we remember the crew of the Space Shuttle Challenger, 31 years later. #NeverForget pic.twitter.com/OhshQsFRfl

...dwindling subscribers and readers.They got me wrong right from the beginning and still have not changed course, and never will. DISHONEST

Thr coverage about me in the @nytimes and the @washingtonpost gas been so false and angry that the times actually apologized to its.....

The failing @nytimes has been wrong about me from the very beginning. Said I would lose the primaries, then the general election. FAKE NEWS!

I promise that our administration will ALWAYS have your back. We will ALWAYS be with you! pic.twitter.com/D0aOWhOH4X

Congratulations Secretary Mattis! pic.twitter.com/mkuhbegzqS – bei The Pentagon

Statement on International Holocaust Remembrance Day: https://www. whitehouse.gov/the-press-offi ce/2017/01/27/statement-president-international-holocaust-remembrance-day …

. @VP Mike Pence will be speaking at today's #MarchForLife -- You have our full support! https:// twitter.com/vp/status/8247 57313441525761 …

The #MarchForLife is so important. To all of you marching --- you have my full support!

Mexico has taken advantage of the U.S. for long enough. Massive trade deficits & little help on the very weak border must change, NOW!

Look forward to seeing final results of VoteStand. Gregg Phillips and crew say at least 3,000,000 votes were illegal. We must do better!

Miami-Dade Mayor drops sanctuary policy. Right decision. Strong! http://www. miamiherald.com/news/local/com munity/miami-dade/article128984759.html …

Will be interviewed by @SeanHannity on @FoxNews at 10:00pm tonight. Enjoy!

Spoke at the Congressional @GOP Retreat in Philadelphia, PA. this afternoon w/ @VP , @SenateMajLdr , @SpeakerRyan . Thank you for your support! pic.twitter.com/DEv2DnksDc

of jobs and companies lost. If Mexico is unwilling to pay for the badly needed wall, then it would be better to cancel the upcoming meeting.

The U.S. has a 60 billion dollar trade deficit with Mexico. It has been a one-sided deal from the beginning of NAFTA with massive numbers...

Ungrateful TRAITOR Chelsea Manning, who should never have been released from prison, is now calling President Obama a weak leader. Terrible!

Interview with David Muir of @ABC News in 10 minutes. Enjoy!

" @romoabcnews : . @DavidMuir first @POTUS interview since taking office. Tonight on @ABCWorldNews @ABC2020 tonight. pic.twitter.com/I4Vz1mRdBK "

As your President, I have no higher duty than to protect the lives of the American people. pic.twitter.com/o7YNUNwb8f

Beginning today, the United States of America gets back control of its borders. Full speech from today @DHSgov : http:// bit.ly/2jSZomhDHS pic.twitter.com/48iZam5Fai

I will be interviewed by @DavidMuir tonight at 10 o'clock on @ABC . Will be my first interview from the White House. Enjoy! pic.twitter.com/okiZ8ZeDgz – bei The White House

I will be making my Supreme Court pick on Thursday of next week.Thank you!

even, those registered to vote who are dead (and many for a long time). Depending on results, we will strengthen up voting procedures!

I will be asking for a major investigation into VOTER FRAUD, including those registered to vote in two states, those who are illegal and....

Big day planned on NATIONAL SECURITY tomorrow. Among many other things, we will build the wall!

If Chicago doesn't fix the horrible "carnage" going on, 228 shootings in 2017 with 42 killings (up 24% from 2016), I will send in the Feds!

Congratulations to @FoxNews for being number one in inauguration ratings. They were many times higher than FAKE NEWS @CNN - public is smart!

Great meeting with Ford CEO Mark Fields and General Motors CEO Mary Barra at the @WhiteHouse today. pic.twitter.com/T0eIgO6LP8

Signing orders to move forward with the construction of the Keystone XL and Dakota Access pipelines in the Oval Office. pic.twitter.com/OErGmbBvYK – bei The Oval Office

Great meeting with automobile industry leaders at the @WhiteHouse this morning. Together, we will #MAGA ! pic.twitter.com/OXdiLOkGsZ

A photo delivered yesterday that will be displayed in the upper/lower press hall. Thank you Abbas! pic.twitter.com/Uzp0ivvRp0

Will be meeting at 9:00 with top automobile executives concerning jobs in America. I want new plants to be built here for cars sold here!

Busy week planned with a heavy focus on jobs and national security. Top executives coming in at 9:00 A.M. to talk manufacturing in America.

Peaceful protests are a hallmark of our democracy. Even if I don't always agree, I recognize the rights of people to express their views.

Wow, television ratings just out: 31 million people watched the Inauguration, 11 million more than the very good ratings from 4 years ago!

Watched protests yesterday but was under the impression that we just had an election! Why didn't these people vote? Celebs hurt cause badly.

Had a great meeting at CIA Headquarters yesterday, packed house, paid great respect to Wall, long standing ovations, amazing people. WIN!
